Add support index (#2574)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 01.Get-started/01.Preparation/docs.md

* Learn how to integrate devices with [Debian family](../../04.Operating-System-updates-Debian-family) or 
  [Yocto OSes](../../05.Operating-System-updates-Yocto-Project)
* Visit [Mender Hub Board Integrations](https://hub.mender.io/c/board-integrations?target=_blank) for community discussions on different board integrations

> * Visit [Mender Hub - Community Board Integrations Index](https://hub.mender.io/t/board-support-index/5742/5)for a list community supported boards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Visit [Mender Hub - Community Board Integrations Index](https://hub.mender.io/t/board-support-index/5742/5)for a list of community contributed boards and their status
```

* Learn how to integrate devices with [Debian family](../../04.Operating-System-updates-Debian-family) or 
  [Yocto OSes](../../05.Operating-System-updates-Yocto-Project)

> * Or visit [Board Integrations](https://hub.mender.io/c/board-integrations?target=_blank) on 

Reviewer 2: Reads a bit weird:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0092fe12-f868-4a0e-8533-d5d536cf747a)

I'd say it:

* Learn how to integrate devices with [Debian family](http://localhost:8080/development/operating-system-updates-debian-family) or [Yocto OSes](http://localhost:8080/development/operating-system-updates-yocto-project)
* Visit [Mender Hub Board Integrations](https://hub.mender.io/c/board-integrations) for community discussions on different board integrations
* Visit [Mender Hub - Community Board Integrations Index](https://hub.mender.io/t/board-support-index/5742/5) for a list community supported boards that we test for building ```

Reviewer 2: I'm reading your question as "how often does the build test happen? is it for every change etc.."
Don't know.
@TheYoctoJester will likely know better.
